Service Management Capability Vision (#140)
kyma-project/community: capabilities/service-management.md

---
displayName: Service Management
epicsLabels:
  - area/service-catalog
---

## Scope

The Service Management capability wraps up Service Catalog, Service Broker concepts and enables applications running in Kubernetes clusters to easily use internal and external managed software offerings, such as a datastore service offered by a cloud provider. It provides a way to list, provision, and automatically bind applications with services from Service Brokers without needing detailed knowledge about how those services are created or managed.

## Vision

> The goal of Service Management capability is to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of the Service Management capability is to:
```

> * Ensure to have well-configured and hardened installation of the Service Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure a well-configured and hardened installation of the Service Catalog.
```

* Provide simple and self-guided Service Catalog UI flows.

> * Assure that Service Catalog UI functionality always goes hand in hand with Service Catalog CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assure that the Service Catalog UI functionality always goes hand in hand with the Service Catalog CLI.
```

> * Support Service Catalog with UI as a stand-alone solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support the Service Catalog with UI as a stand-alone solution.
```

* Support automated service binding injection into various types of Kubernetes applications. 

> * Allow to register new types of Kubernetes applications at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow registering new types of Kubernetes applications at runtime.
```

> * Enable connected remote applications to be available in the Service Catalog via Application Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable connected remote applications in the Service Catalog using the Application Broker.
```

> * Enable to extend Service Catalog offerings with services that will be installed in Kubernetes via Helm Broker and Bundles repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable extending the Service Catalog offerings with services that will be installed in Kubernetes using the Helm Broker and the `bundles` repository.
```

> * Provide a set of reusable services as a Bundles that will extend Kyma installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide a set of reusable services as bundles that will extend the Kyma installation.
```

> * Allow users to choose a set of namespaces where Service Broker will be automatically registered and available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow users to choose a set of Namespaces where a given Service Broker will be automatically registered and available. 
```

* Allow users to reduce a number of Service Classes that will be exposed by a given Broker.

> * Assure that Service Catalog UI component for bindings is used in a Deployment, Function and other types of applications UI views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assure that the Service Catalog UI component for bindings is used in Deployment, Function, and other types of applications UI views.
```
